I would love to know, even if folks don't
feel comfortable sharing their code,
although this is a safe space.
We are all messing up a lot here.
So I've broken builds.
I've gotten the names of very basic
[LAUGH] JavaScript things wrong.
I've misled you a couple of times
about command, so I feel you.
None of this has to be perfect in
any stretch of the imagination.
So please don't feel shy, and please share
with us what you've got in the chat.
And so we do have one that
I'm very excited to look at.
Can you maybe tell us a little bit about
what you did for your hackathon project?
>> Yes, so I ended up doing two things.
One thing I tried it on
mobile didn't work but
I think that's a Riley
set an iPhone to network.
But I added the there's like a shared API
up It pulls up the share sheet in your OS.
I think it's mainly for iOS and
Android because they have like share
sheets that you can share too.
So, but yeah, so if you click on
the share image after you make it,
it'll pull up the share,
it pulls up the share sheet.
>> Okay, so we've got a new button,
which hopefully was relatively easy to put
in there and do a different modal thing.
Then we have the Share button and
now I can like airdrop it
to someone unsuspecting or
send a text message or whatever.
This is very cool.
Super cool, so
I'm in Safari right now on a Mac.
So it does have access.
And can you maybe point us to Where did
you find out about how that API works and
what you need to call.
>> Yes, let me see.
I found it on MDN.
>> Yay!
It's our friend.
>> Yeah, let's see.
Let me look it up again.
>> And by the way.
>> But yeah, just if you search for
share on MDN.
>> Sure.
So a lot of browsers have a way
to set up search keywords.
So I have a little MDN search keyword,
that when I type MDN,
whatever, it doesn't even
go to the search engine,
it goes directly to
the search page of MDN.
So this is a very handy
little feature here.
So share API is what we're searching for?
>> Yeah, if you You just search share,
it's navigator.share.
>> Okay.
Let's try navigator it just popped up.
There we go.
navigator.share.
>> Yep.
>> Okay this feature is only available in
some are all supporting browsers
on secure HTTPS.Websites.
So, that's also something that
you can do in GitHub Pages,
as I believe you can decide whether you
want to enforce that it is always HTTPS,
which why not but this is very cool.
Okay, the web shareAPI and again,
we have like so many of these API's.
It's amazing.
This is awesome.
So I haven't worked But this very much but
this is a fabulous interview like
these are all things that we can share
with people using f they
have a supporting browser.
And we can check the compatibility
table down here to see that okay,
like Firefox for Android might work,
but not all of the parameters.
But sadly my desktop Firefox won't be so
friendly with it.
But a bunch of these other browsers,
Chrome, Safari, Opera, etc.
All about it.
So again, yeah, just a note to be
aware of the browser support for
the thing you're using, and it's always
a good idea to have like fallbacks.
So whether it's a try catch or
iffy, wrapped,
async operation or whatever it is,
you should be all set.
All right, great.
So like getting, okay, so this is
the other thing is we need to actually get
the file in a useful chunk of information
that the browser knows what to do with.
A blob or
a file object based on that blob of data,
all of these things base 64 URLs,
all of this stuff.
As we go, we're probably having to learn
a little bit about under the hood.
I see a meme, but
what does the underlying engine see?
What kind of data is this?
So some very good lessons to be had here.
So yeah.
>> That like two data URL
method on the Canvas API.
>> Okay, can you please?
All right.
>> That turns it into a base 64 string.
>> Yeah, and so this is a great way to
be then able to, and look, we've got.
We've got some nested awaits here.
This is awesome.
And so this is where we can learn so
many cool tips and
tricks from looking at each other's code.
It's always a good idea to peruse other
people's way of approaching things.
And this is some fabulous stuff
that we're learning here.
We're converting the meme to a data URL,
which were then-.
>> Yeah, actually I don't even know if
that I getting a batch need to be there.
I don't even.
>> Well, we can try it out and
we can all you know fork each
other's repos back and forth.
I don't know how complex of a fork tree
we're allowed to have on github, but
in any case, this is awesome.
Fabulous, thank you so much for
sharing excellent work fabulous.
We've got a meme version in
the chat that uses an ML model
to add a box around your
face after you click Save.
Let's check it out.
Okay and let's see if it works in Firefox.
Great!
And somebody thought to put the links.
Roshan Raja has put the amazingly clever,
and I wish I had thought of it,
link to the project of
the GitHub repo in there.
So, good call and let's do it.
So we're gonna take a selfie.
Save okay.
And wow look, it knows where my face is.
I am very impressed and
a little bit afraid.
[LAUGH] But this is awesome.
So we'd love to hear a little bit
about what you used to build this,
let's go through to the code,
thanks to this very handy link.
Okay, let's take a look, maybe.
>> Just look at the commit history, maybe.
>> Uh-huh, okay,
we've got a face API, sorry?
>> Nevermind.
>> Yeah, so I'm thinking we're
gonna wanna look at his face API,
and there's some models and
things going on in our source, perhaps.
Aha, face recognition.
Wow, okay, so this face api.js,
which I'm guessing we now see
as a dependency of the project,
is giving us all of these methods for like
loading all of these different models.
We're wrapping them all in a promise all,
which is a good way to basically,
instead of having to like await this,
await that, await the other thing.
We can write one await on a promise.all,
which will,
that promise, Returned by promise that
all will resolve when all of those other
promises as the net as the method
would indicate have resolved.
And then we've got kind of a mix of like
the then Ning and the catching cool.
This is awesome.
And there's some models
then in the models,
Directory which I might not have up here,
but that's all good.
Maybe it's in assets?
That's modals.
That's fine, okay.
[LAUGH] Anyway, so
I personally do not know this API and
how to maybe it's in Public?
There we go.
Public models that makes sense.
So these are gonna be hosted,
did with the site.
So I'm curious to look at these.
We've got some thing that is
essentially Jason file again,
like it seems like the whole
JavaScript ecosystem comes
down to Jason files,
that is somehow representing.
To the machine learning magic
underneath what a face looks like.
So that's really cool.
Awesome, and this face, Jay,
let's look at the package Jason.
And yes., exactly.
So we have this face API JS is
a package that we now can be inspired
to go play with ourselves.
So thank you so much for sharing.
That's awesome, great work.
Perhaps you could even do something
if I had given you more than an hour.
You could do something like
use this to then I don't know
put sunglasses on people or something, so
I the possibilities are limitless
very cool awesome work.